Bodenberger Canasta Variant
Which is itself a variant of Hand and Foot Canasta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canasta

Deal:
Each player is dealt 2 hands of 11 cards. 1 Main Hand and 1 Pony Hand
You pick up the main hand and leave the Pony face down. You don't get to look at the cards to help make a choice. It is intended that the Pony hand remain a mystery until you are allowed to pick it up.  If you play all the main hand cards and pick up the Pony without discarding you are still playing in that same turn. If you discard and pick up your pony you must wait until your next turn to play from it. 
Turns:
At the beginning of each players turn you will draw 2 cards. You must discard 1 card after every turn. If you can't discard, you "float". You can't complete the hand (Go Out) if you do not discard. 

Card Points:
4, 5, 6, 7 - 5 Points
8, 9, 10, J, Q, K - 10 Points
A, 2 (Wild) - 20 Points
Joker (Wild) - 50 points
Black 3s - 0 Points
Red 3s - (-500) - these are ovbiously really bad

Canasta Points:
Red (Clean) - 500
Black (Wild / Dirty) - 350

There are 4 (5) hands played and the points required (Meld) to lay down increase with each new hand.
50
90
120
150
Bonus:
200
Your card points that you will be laying down must equal the Meld. 
For Example:
AAA = 60 points
44(Joker) = 60 points
88888 = 50 Points
AA2 = 60 Points
As you can imagine this means drawinglot of cards before you can play in the higher meld hands. 

Playing (Laying Down Cards):
Books of 3 or more cards are required to lay down. 
Books of 7 or more cards to finish a Canasta
Books cannot have more wilds than face cards. 
You play face cards and wilds on top of like cards from your drawing at the beginning of your turn or from the discard pile if you meet requirements. 

Going into the discard pile:
You can go into the discard pile instead of drawing 2 cards at the beginning of your turn. 
You must have 2 of the card shown on top to go in for the first time. Subsequent times don't have the 2 card requirement. 
You must pick up 7 cards from the discard pile. You must use the top card, The card you went in for.
At the Beginning of the hand a card is turned over from stock. The first player has the option to take that card and not draw 2. 

Going out:
To end a hand you must have 1 clean and 1 dirty canasta and discard. 
7 or more cards of a single type for a clean Canasta 
4 or more plus wilds to equal 7 for a dirty.
When you are the player or team who goes out you are awarded an additional 100 points.
Any card left unplayed count against the players points. This includes the Pony Hand. 
We count Canasta Points and face value of all cards including the ones in Canastas. 
We score based on the same points above for meld for and against. 

Variant Specific Rules:
If you have a card you can play you must play it. 
We generally don't allow "concealed" play. Meaning if you have the cards and points required to meet meld. You should play them. This is only enforced if it becomes a problem.
